welcome to my unboxing of a pretty sweet
product this is a cheap and I'm not even
gonna mince words this is a cheap USB
gamepad that happens to look exactly
like an SNES gamepad so if you play any
emulators or if you play games on any
emulators like say for example if you
have the physical cartridges in your
possession and like your SNES doesn't
work so you download the rom of that
particular one or like you recover it
somehow with like whatever you legally
own the rom only so if you play games on
emulators legally then you might get one
of these because it plugs into your pc
via USB it has a d-pad select start our
ylx
a and b opening it up now there is
nothing inside the box so it is
driverless which means you basically
plug the thing into the thing and run
the thing and here we go so I'm gonna go
ahead and you know I'm gonna you know be
fairly critical as much as I can here so
the USB length is about a Linus arm span
which means well it's a little bit more
which means it's about six feet long
okay there's your standard USB 2
connector alright
the overall feel of it it's not it's not
quite right you know the buttons don't
have quite the same awesomeness that the
original SNES controller does so I mean
you still have to get an SNES controller
if you really want it to feel like
you're the real thing but the ergonomics
are good the piston the buttons are all
in the right place and I think this is
fairly self-explanatory so it's a cheap
SNES connector Marv not connector no
there's no SNES connector it's a cheap
SNES controller that has a USB connector
that you can use to play your legit SNES
rooms and thank you for checking out
this unboxing and you know what let's
find out exactly how driverless it is
here we go let's plug it into test bench
here or not a test bench this is the
video editing piece
you're in a detective's laboratory okay
here we go oh that's my email you guys
don't need that ah
then we've got control panel here we go
that's detecting to access 11 keys
gamepad that is about as generic as a
description could possibly be so here we
go hardware and sound oh man I hate the
way they've rearranged this okay let's
try this
ah oh you know what let's go with game
really oh oh oh brilliant so this
picture is pretty yeah explanatory setup
ah properties here we go let's see if it
works
ha right left rather right down left
okay this all works so I can finally
enter Sabine's or sapiens however you
pronounce his name his blitzes properly
cuz I'm using a Logitech gamepad now
that really doesn't allow me to do that
so then we've got button 3 4 1 2 5 6 9
10 what happened ones are there 1 2 3 4
5 6 7 a there 8 how is this an 11 button
gamepad you know what I guess there's
more solder points inside so there you
go guys if you wanted to add like an
extraneous like you know sure you can
button there's something like that then
that you would be able to do that
potentially so thank you for checking
out this unboxing don't forget to
subscribe for more unboxings reviews and
other computer videos